After going through a long and difficult journey, tixon finally successfully launched the public chain on August 22, 2024 at 1时:2分:3秒 Moscow time, as everyone had hoped!

Tixon has overcome countless difficulties and challenges, and now a large number of ecosystems and technologies have been successfully developed. The planning steps and dates for each application are announced as follows:

1. The Tixon public chain is officially launched, and TCP holders can map to the Tixon public chain for 90 days. The mapping contract will automatically stop at 1:2:3 Moscow time on November 22, 2024, and the mapping channel will be permanently closed after stopping;

2. Within 3 days after the launch of the Tixon public chain, Tixon nodes will be deployed, and participating nodes need to successfully map 1 million TCP;

3. Within 25 days after the launch of the Tixon public chain, the AI language model jointly developed by Tixon and OpenAI will be launched and enabled, and the application only supports Tixon coin payments;

4. Within 30 days after the launch of the Tixon public chain, Tixon will go live on any centralized exchange (Binance or Ouyi); Three decentralized exchanges (Uniswap, SushiSwap, and PancakeSwap) have been launched simultaneously;

5. Within 60 days after the launch of the Tixon public chain, the Tixon multi currency fusion wallet will be officially launched.

Every tixon holder is an important force in the development of the public chain, and it is your support and trust that has led tixon to where it is today. In order to further promote the implementation and application of various ecosystems in the public chain, and to ensure the sustainable, stable and healthy development of Tixon, 1% of USDT needs to be mapped synchronously during the Tixon mapping process. The mapped USDT coins will be given 50% of Tixon's main chain coins as private equity certificates. This is not only a support for the development of the Tixon public chain, but also a firm commitment to the great cause of Tixon!

Let's join hands and contribute our strength to the future of tixon public chain! In this process, we carry infinite aspirations for the future, using emotions as the bond, realm as the driving force, and powerful underlying technology as the guarantee, to jointly write a magnificent chapter in the tixon public chain!

For more inquiries about Tixon, please follow the official Tixon Twitter account: @ Tixoncoin1
